\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename port-trigger.info
@settitle port-trigger
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@dircategory Networking
@direntry
* port-trigger: (port-trigger).      Run command on incoming connection attempt
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2014 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top port-trigger -- Run command on incoming connection attempt
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title port-trigger
@subtitle Run command on incoming connection attempt
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{port-trigger}.
* Invoking::                        Invocation of @command{port-trigger}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

@command{port-trigger} is a simple tool lets your run a
command when a TCP port receives an incoming connection.
@command{port-trigger} does not let you send anything
back and does not work for UDP. It simply listens on a
TCP port and closes all incoming connectsion and runs
a command when doing so. The intended perpuse of this
tool is to make it simple to trigger a specific command
from any computer with a Web browser.



@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

@command{port-trigger} invokation syntax is simple,
the first argument is the port number of the TCP port
to listen on. The following arguments are the command
to invoke when the port gets a connection.

For example, @command{port-trigger 9999 echo triggered}
will print ``triggered'' to the terminal @command{port-trigger}
is started on when you try to connect to the TCP port 9999.
Perhaps by trying to open @code{localhost:9999} in a Web
browser.



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

